Document formSheet props and limitiations (#1402)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-7.x/native-stack-navigator.md

  <video playsInline autoPlay muted loop>
   <source src="/assets/7.x/native-stack/presentation-fullScreenModal.mp4" />
  </video>
- `formSheet`: will use "BottomSheetBehavior" on Android and "UIModalPresentationFormSheet" modal style on iOS.
  <video playsInline autoPlay muted loop>
   <source src="/assets/7.x/native-stack/presentation-formSheet-android.mp4" />
  </video>
  <video playsInline autoPlay muted loop>
   <source src="/assets/7.x/native-stack/presentation-formSheet-ios.mp4" />
  </video>

:::warning

> Due to architectural problems (lack of support of synchronous layout on UI thread by RN), `presentation: 'formSheet'` on Android has limited support for `flex: 1`. The tradeoff is necessary to prevent "sheet flickering" problem. There are also some problems with getting nested ScrollViews to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to technical issues in platform component integration with `react-native`, `presentation: 'formSheet'` on Android has limited support for `flex: 1`. The tradeoff is necessary to prevent "sheet flickering" problem. There are also some problems with getting nested ScrollViews to work properly.
```

Currently, you should avoid using `flex: 1` on top level content container you pass to the sheet.

When there is less content than max screen height, you might end up with "truncated sheet" problem. The workaround is to set `backgroundColor` in the `contentStyle` prop of the given screen.

> :::

Reviewer 2: Would be good to link to existing issues/examples of these problems.

Author: c81837e1270fb346a841fa587904a9d3b04fb90b
